Let's go ahead and check out the code in
the classroom for loading up this point cloud data.
So back here, I was looking over
the classroom concept that was showing me how to do this city block function,
which is happening in environment.cpp,
and I can go to my my work space now.
And so inside environment.cpp,
so I'm just creating a city block and the argument that's using
it's exact same as simple highway which is our viewer.
So that's key for doing the visualization.
We want to be rendering this onto the viewer,
and then inside here,
I'm just creating this point processor which is using XYZI type of point Clouds.
And then I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to load up that PCD
by using the point processor load PCD function.
So I'm just going to be loading up that initial real PCD file with the 10 zeros dot PCD.
And then, I'm just going to go ahead and render
that to the viewer by using renderPointCloud.
The last thing I kind of want to do here.
So I set up this city block function,
but I actually need to make sure to call it in Main.
So everything here is happening in this main function,
and then so down here,
before what Main was doing,
it was calling the simple highway function with the viewer.
Now, instead I'm going to be calling city block with the viewer.
So I think all that should be good.
So I'm going to make sure that's saved,
and then I can go to my Terminator.
And we'll just go ahead and minimize that.
Go to the Terminator.
Go into home, cd into build,
run a make, compile that and,
then see what this PCD file looks like when I loaded up in the viewer.
Okay. Almost there, awesome.
Let's go ahead and run that executable now.
And so here's my PCD that I just loaded up.
And how many points is that?
It loaded up around a 120 thousand points.
So we're looking at around a 120 thousand points here,
and each point has a different intensity.
So and that intensity is represented by a different color.
So in the renderPointClouds function by
default when you're using a point XYZI point cloud,
it's going to be using that intensity value to do the coloring.
You could overwrite that and you could actually provide a color
so you can just make the entire point cloud just green, red,
blue as well, if you fill in that option,
but by default it's going to be using this intensity for
doing the coloring options, and cool.
So this kind of orbit around here.
This is what you'll be working with on
this final project for the lighter obstacle detection,
is kind of city block here.
This big black spot is where the car is.
This is where the ego car is at.
The lidar is sitting up on those roof here.
We are putting this coordinate system right here as our label,
where we have the red axis is our x,
the green is the y, and the blue is the z.
And even our lidar is picking up some points from the roof that you can see,
just these little red points here.
So that's actually from the roof.
We'll talk about ways of filtering that out here in a little bit.
But here, we're driving down the street and
the major things we want to watch out for are these cars.
So we have these various parked cars.
We can't really tell that they're parked right now,
but once things start moving we can see,
and this guy is in his truck over here,
and he's going to be driving,
and he's going to be passing us on the left of our car.
And we even have this pole right here.
So kind of moving around there's this pole,
looks like a traffic sign or something.
So we'll see if we can catch that in our obstacle detection,
but yeah, there'll be these cars and this truck,
and those would be the major things that we want our lidar obstacle detection to notice,
and then track for us later on.